Suddenly, if something happened to me, it happened to us. I couldn't find anything. The
stones were in
my water. I couldn't breathe or speak. The girl was yelling
at me and I was falling into
[music]
Ida. I put my hands in something and looked for my mother's turnips. The
rent was all gone from me, and it was all from me. I would
say, oh mother, this is easy, oh mother.  Here we are
alive, we don't find people voting and saying, "
Follow us, follow us," and we say, "Follow us, follow us."
From here, from the text, we throw it and the stones. We don't
know where to go. We don't know where the truth is. Follow us, follow us, follow
us. Stay
safe. Get out the clothes you bought. Her name is Malika. Here
she sleeps next to me and my mother. Here I give her
these forbidden things.  And I pushed, I put it down and I pushed.
Where did I want to put it? The house became a ruin. There was nothing left,
nothing left.
They stopped
for you. God suffices me, and He is the best of the best. All the countries
are watching. Yes, our homes have come too. Where is
the soul, where is the pearl, where is the
limit? God suffices me, and He is the best disposer of affairs for every one. We are
released by the countries.  Israel, may God bless
them. We attended the resistance until the last moment, until the last breath. We would
leave our homes, even if they killed me.